# dante

dante: DNA and Nucleotide Tools for Enviromental work.


##INTRODUCTION

This file is a collection of tools that help with processing bioinformatic information generated when working with environmental samples. 


##REQUIRMENTS

As of now, all of the files below are written Python for version 2.7.6.

The following standard libraries are needed: re, sys, os, traceback.

For some programs, Biopython is required. See installation notes below. 


##INSTALLATION
All python scripts require the dante.py module.

You can leave this in the folder that contains the scripts that are
needed. Download the ones you need, store in the same folder as
dante.py and run as below.

[directory] refers to the directory in which you copied the files.

[filename] refers to the file you want to read or modify.

###BlastXMLtoFasta.py
NOTE: This requires Biopython.

Run on command line as: python [directory]/BlastXMLtoFASTA.py [filename]

###FASTAtoPHYLIPandNAMES
Run on command line as: python [directory]/FASTAtoPHYLIPandNAMES.py [filename]

###FASTQtoFASTA
Run on command line as: python [directory]/FASTQtoFASTA.py [filename]

###GetRepsFromFasta
Run on command line as: python [directory]/GetRepsFromFasta.py [filename]

###PrimerBLASTstats
Run on command line as:  python [directory]/PrimerBLASTstats.py [filename]

###TreeNameFix
Run on command line as python [directory]/TreeNameFix.py [tree_filename] [names_filename]

For this program, the first filename entered as an argument should be
the name of the tree file, and the second argument should be the names
list generated by FASTAtoPHILIP

##KNOWN BUGS
1. For FASTAtoPHYLIPandNAMES: for some fasta files the program treats
   the entire file as one line, which breaks functionallity. Double
   check files.


